sometimes we come up with ideas and ask
ourselves why and when one of us
suggested walking across an entire
country in Europe my first question was
indeed I thought that it just sounded
exhausting and pointless but then Matt
brought up a good point that the most
exciting adventures happen when we're
unsure of whether we'll be able to
succeed or not and when we have
absolutely no idea what the outcome
might be and by walking across an entire
country will not only get to explore a
place we might have never otherwise
visited we'll also get to see it in a
way that few others ever have with that
in mind Matt and I grabbed the first
flight to a country small enough to walk
in a day but big enough to make it a
challenge Luxembourg and to bring back
the edge that traveling used to have
before we had phones and maps telling us
where to go we decided to turn our
phones off and solely rely on directions
from strangers find our way across the
country the shortest possible distance
across Luxembourg is 40 kilometers -
without a plan studded our journey in
the town of Stein for me
currently at the border of Luxembourg
and Belgium I'm going to walk across to
get to the border of Luxembourg in
Germany why we're doing this if we
clearly go straight that's about ten
hours we're going to suffer do every
local we've told them that worried about
this they're like oh well there's a lot
of fields let it begin let the games
begin baby if we were to walk without
stopping for even for lunch we would get
there 6 p.m.
wow it's kind of scary once we do get to
the border we don't have a hotel or
anything so if we get there like
midnight I don't know where the heck
we're staying how many people live in
like summer 3 million what well I
totally made that up it's definitely not
3 milli 18 kilometers Luxembourg 15
kilometers I mean we've only walked
three kilometers this hour that's not a
good sign
straight into the right that Luxembourg
- and this is listen cuz these are
pretty see if we can find someone attack
in kilometers weights you're looking at
me like actually walking what are you
doing what do you mean everybody don't
you've an umbrella with her son gonna
get burned
gonna get wrinkles not this guy knock on
wood well we've only walked six look who
decided to join the umbrella party what
was our plan exactly it was like let's
walk across the country and then the
rest of us will agree and now we're in
this situation as bad as a genius what
is Bill Gates a again like always hire a
lazy person because they'll find the
best way to get a job this is how lazy I
am I don't even want to hold this
umbrella it's kind of working
I have a positive mindset you know you
think positive things will be positive
and you're just whipping a super-good
believe it two hours ago like ten more
hours of this come on be [ __ ] Jay this
way
we've arrived at an intersection there's
here and then this looks like it's
taking us in the middle of fields it
can't be right we asked my vote is here
that's cool
who do you want to ask rest it's Paul
Luxembourg is that direction look like
you were wanting to go in the totally
opposite direction without asking
anybody are you out of your mind oh that
is Luxembourg City oh my god but we've
reached our first milestone Luxembourg
city's right there we see it oh my god
humans
it's amazing right so I believe that
this is when the adventure starts first
of all we have no idea which direction
to go to is always like a sign pointing
towards Luxembourg City now we're just
going towards the border we need to go
west
one thing we came through peace did we
just walk straight into this so did we
turn at some point god this is gonna be
miserable but it's getting there
umbrellas out bracing themselves what do
we even ask do I pledge it have no idea
where's the West Side border where's
Germany the most local person we can
find is who should ask if this guy right
here like you would know we need to go
west we're trying to walk to Germany
Germany yeah I think we came from there
[Music]
[ __ ] you about this
well now it's freaking pouring everybody
in hiding I just realized I've been
saying we need to go west we need to go
east yeah I think you're the only one at
the same West I don't know what you can
say
list I thought you said wrist all right
well a lot of options here gonna take a
wild guess
looks like we kind of need to go yeah
waka Chairman I guess this is how you
govern he's no idea you got me you know
you really gonna walk to Germany yeah
all right good luck - it's a long way
how many looking for school Remagen not
REMIC Remagen but it's about six
kilometers from Ramage oh okay going up
here then you need to follow the signs
for son wilder than Rhenish it's about
twenty four kilometers walk from dear
[Music]
we're added six kilometers to what we
initially thought when you need to walk
Oh God
but I think this is East yeah you think
that is East
they're kind of like that way all right
Christopher Columbus all the tea boogies
directions let's see where this goes
have no idea where the hell we're going
to tired my back's hurting feet feel
like mashed potatoes like about half way
[Applause]
[Music]
nobody knows directions anymore this is
like a modern-day crisis 20 kilometers
oh let's go
I think this is the best part about
travelling ditching the guidebook where
you just get completely lost and have to
find your way do you appreciate the
smallest thing about a friggin sign
we're so far away but it feels like
we're all right let's go to Germany not
only we're going directly towards the
rain ravishes it's all on a highway this
is worse than the highway we got from
where we started there's probably not
like a pedestrian way to get to this
place
his Ramos where we came from mama would
be proud this is safe yeah there's
another person on the highway this is
the most random thing ever
go ahead push Oh Danny we're walking to
Germany oh we have no idea this way I
don't know wait Walker are we gambling
are we going this way
you're the one that wants to go that way
I'm pretty sure this is south that's
East
then this is South so this might take us
to where he was talking about problem is
this is like a gamble we just go down
here and we don't end up even crossing
the country and here we have a
guaranteed gamble it is we're gone the
gambler also kind of walking into the
woods here let's see what takes us
[Music]
we have like four more hours my back is
killing me my feet are screaming I mean
we've even looked up at their hotels or
hostels and just kind of hurt and who
knows maybe get there at midnight and
everything will be closed and then what
after twelve hours of walking can you
sleep on the side of the road Thomas
positive mindset you know she think
positive things will be positive the
haters gonna hate but my umbrella is on
my stomach
cuz that attitude come on dude what are
we gonna sleep on the streets
[Music]
paddle Schengen visa Lucifer this way
and everything is okay thank you so much
so probably [ __ ] you know
so Thomas may have gotten this whole
thing wrong fool we got to go this way
we asked a few people were walking
[Music]
we're almost there
Germany here we come
we're almost there dude you're gonna
make it we're gonna make it cool for
kilometres this it you're arriving in
Germany
my beautiful favorite let's get into the
town will be much there all right
Thomas's left leg is giving up on him
big-time we're doing it
[Music]
looking back at our 14 hours of walking
we realized that there were so many
moments we were ready to give up our
legs and feet started to feel numb our
brains weren't thinking clearly in half
the time we didn't even know if we were
walking in the right direction what we
learned is that in moments of
uncertainty and physical challenges like
this one the key is to always stay in
motion but the secret to making it all
the way however is to always do it with
a friend and before we end this video I
just want to take a second to thank our
sponsor honey for making this experience
happen honey is a free web browser
extension that automatically finds the
absolute best coupons on the internet so
you always find the best prices on
everything you buy online
it works on thousands of websites and I
use it whenever we travel on websites
like booking.com the best part is that
it only takes you two clicks to install
it and I literally end up saving dozens
sometimes hundreds of dollars on some
purchases just go to join honey calm
/yes theory and after that it's super
easy to use any time you'll make any
purchases from now on honey
automatically searches the web for all
the best coupon codes to make sure that
you get the best prices for whatever you
buy there's no reason not to add honey
to your browser today it's free and will
save you tons of money so click the link
in the description and we'll see you
next week we're gonna see what there is
in Ramah SHhhh after all this hype right
this may be the most random place that
we have ever started to be how did I
have you turn up in cyber command is
what Rogers result well how did you guys
end up in stuff anyway I think they did
something
[Music]